1 - DSSS

1) What are different spreading techniques you know?
Answer -- 
main aim is to prevent interference whether intentional or otherwise.
Pseudo Noise Sequence(PN sequence)
Spread spectrums -- 
1. Frequency Hopped spread sequence(FHSS)
2. Direct Sequence Spread Sequence(DSSS)
For more -- https://www.tutorialspoint.com/digital_communication/digital_communication_spread_spectrum_modulation.htm

2)What is full form for FHSS?
Answer -- 
Frequecy Hopped Spread Spectrum

3) Draw Transmitter and receiver block diagram of  DSSS!
Answer -- 
https://www.researchgate.net/figure/Block-diagram-of-the-a-transmitter-and-b-receiver-of-the-DSSS-system_fig2_329286286

4)Diffrence between all modulation techniques?
Answer -- 
Techno DC -- pg 4-20

5) Bandwidth of different modulation techniques!
Answer -- 
BPSK -- 2fb
QPSK -- fb
QAM -- 2fb/N
Mary PSK -- 2fb/N
BFSK -- 4fb
mary fsk -- 2^(N+1)fb/N
MSK -- 1.5fb

6) Which types of modulation is used in dish tv?
Answer -- 
Quadrature Amplitude Modulation(QAM) or Vestigial Side Band Modulation(VSB modulation)

7) Applications of Spread Spectrum.
Answer -- 
1.Cross-talk elimination
2.Better output with data integrity
3.Reduced effect of multipath fading
4.Better security
5.Reduction in noise
6.Co-existence with other systems
7.Longer operative distances
8.Hard to detect
9.Not easy to demodulate/decode
10.Difficult to jam the signals

2.

1)All the basics about entropy , random variable, random process.
Answer -- 
Entropy -- a function which attempts to characterize the “unpredictability” of a random variable.
Random Variable -- A random variable is a mathematical formalization of a quantity or object which depends on random events.
Random Process -- Collection of random variables indexed by time.

2)source coding and channel coding.
Answer -- 
Source Coding -- mapping from symbols from an information source to a sequence of alphabet symbols such that the source symbols can be exactly recoverd from binary bits or recoved within some distortion.
Channel Coding -- process of detecting and correcting bit error in digital communication system.

3)Different coding techniques and their comparison?


4)Effect on result upon change in source code

3.

1 Applications of different modulation techniques 
Answer -- 
1. Reduces antenna height
2. Avoids signal mixing
3. Increases communication range
4. Multiplexing is possible
5. Improves reception


2 Why is invertor used in generation of BfSK?
Answer -- 
to provide gain of -1

3 Unit of entropy
Answer -- 
bits, shannons 

4 Details about random process
Answer -- 
it has mean, variance, autocorrelation, 
Diff classes -- Stationary, strictly wide sense,PSD

5 How is security maintained in DSSS
6 What is match filter?
An optimum filter which yields a maximum ratio  is called matched filter when input noise is white and psd of input noise is given by No/2.